>> Jen: So let's go ahead and try doing
something similar in our html and css.
We have here on the page on line 14,
we have div class of background image,
and the in our css, actually we don't
have any css, we'll make some css.
I'm gonna make a new file
[COUGH] I'm gonna call
it style.css,
cuz I'm super original that way.
I'm gonna link that
style.css file up to my
HTML.
>> Jen: Sorry, link.
>> Jen: href="style.css rel="stylesheet"
>> Jen: Okay, and then in the stylesheet
what I'm gonna do is, I'll go ahead and
write a series of media queries for
this is what I can do.
So I can say, for example, @media,
>> Jen: (min-width: 1px)
>> Jen: It's at least one pixel wide.
You can stir this, so
my class of background image.
>> Jen: Background url and I have here in
my image folder, I have three
different versions of a mom pie.
Okay, so small, medium, and large.
So I can display that image.
>> Jen: Oops, JPEG.
No repeat and you probably want to set
a height.
>> Jen: Why do we set a height?
>> Jen: Normally, we never set a height.
Why would we set a height here?
>> Jen: That's our HTML.
That one line, there on line 15.
Here in our style,
we're gonna set a height.
Why would I set a height here?
>> Speaker 2: So
it shows up
>> Jen: So
it actually shows up.
>> Jen: How is height normally determined
in a box?
>> Speaker 3: By what fills it.
>> Jen: Yeah, by what fills it,
its content,
content determines the height.
If you have no content on a div,
you have nothing to fill it, so
you gotta have a height.
Where do I get the height from?
>> Jen: I
can probably just look at the image,
right?
Just look at the image and
figure out what its height is,
okay?
>> Jen: Y'all going
to sleep already?
>> Jen: Okay, so now,
if I have a minimum width of,
let's say, 500 pixels,
then we'll go ahead and
load the different image.
The one that's 767 pixels in size, and
its height is 128 pixels.
>> Jen: And
then, finally, I can have a third
media query for the big screen.
>> Jen: Okay, so there we go, three little
mini queries and when I refresh my
webpage, we should see only one image.
>> Jen: I need to re-display my image,
okay.
>> Jen: There we go.
All right, so there's my background
image up here on the top, and
there's my peace pie.
>> Jen: Okay, so
there's my one image.
>> Jen: There it is.
Scootching to the smaller size and
I must have a stray tag somewhere.
Something's not behaving but
hopefully it worked for
you.
>> Jen: How are you doing?
Besides exhaustion.
[INAUDIBLE] Good, all right.
Do we have any questions
from the internet?
>> Speaker 2: IE support.
I don't know.
>> Jen: IE support for
picture fill, or?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah I'm assuming it
works.
>> Jen: Yeah.
So, the picture tag doesn't work in IE.
Big surprise, it's HTML 5.1.
It maybe spotty support for
older browsers but that's what
the picture fill, polyfill is all about.
So if you include the picture
fill polyfill with it
then you are making things
forward to compatible.
I know a lot of you are writing code bases
that are around for a really long time.
It's probably worth using
this particular polyfill,
because then you can use the actual
picture tag in your code.
And then at some point in time
in the future you can just drop
the polyfill, right?
You still have standards compliant HTML.
Which eventually someday will
be rid of Internet Explorer or
I've heard of all rainbows and
unicorns and ponies.
It's gonna be a great world to live in,
but until then the polyphill
is maybe useful, again depending on
what kind of browsers you got to support